Add migrating guide for 1.2 Kyma event bus (#4345)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guides/1.1-1.2.md

# Migrate from v1.1 to v1.2

## Event Bus

> The 1.2 release updates the Knative eventing from version 0.4 to 0.5. This brings in considerable changes to the Knative eventing CRDs which cannot be automatically done in Kyma update. To fix this, perform the following post-update steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 1.2 release updates the Knative eventing from version 0.4 to 0.5. This brings in considerable changes to the Knative eventing CRDs which cannot be created automatically during Kyma update. To fix this, perform the following post-update steps.
```

Can we have `created` instead of `done`? I don't really know if we can "do" a CRD :)

> 1. Delete all existing Knative eventing Subscription custom resources. They will be recreated after you perform all steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete all existing Knative eventing Subscription custom resources. They will be recreated after you perform all the steps.
```

> 1. Delete all the existing Knative eventing subscription custom resources. They will be recreated after all  the steps are completed.

Reviewer 2: *all  the* has double spaces in between.

    ```bash
    kubectl delete subscriptions.eventing.knative.dev --all -n kyma-system
    ```
 
2. Delete all the existing Knative eventing channels custom resources. They will be recreated after all  the steps are completed.
    
    ```bash
    kubectl delete channels.eventing.knative.dev --all -n kyma-system
    ```

> 3. Apply all the Knative eventing CRDs that have delta in 0.5 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Apply all the Knative eventing CRDs that have delta in 0.5 release.
```
One question: what does `delta` mean?  As far as I know, it means kind of comparison - so do we here mean the parts valid for 0.4 and 0.5?

Author: oh, by delta I meant any changes in the CRDs like some new fields or definitions

Reviewer: Ok, reworked this part :)

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/kyma/master/components/event-bus/cmd/event-bus-crd-update-job/crds.yaml
    ```

> 4. Restart the subscription controller pod. This will reconcile all the Kyma subscriptions and the create all the Knative channels and subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restart the subscription controller Pod. This reconciles all the Kyma Subscriptions and creates all Knative Channels and Subscriptions.
```
